Making Catalog global navigation content more prominent (#7778)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/explore-projects.md

## Catalog overview 

:::info [Global navigation](/docs/explore/global-navigation) <Lifecycle status='self_service,managed,managed_plus' /> <Lifecycle status="preview" />

> <Constant name="explorer" /> introduces the ability to widen your search by searching your dbt resources (models, seeds, snapshots, sources, exposures and more so) across your entire account. This broadens the results returned and gives you greater insight into all the assets across your dbt projects. Learn more in [Global navigation](/docs/explore/global-navigation) or in our [video overview](https://www.loom.com/share/ae93b3d241cd439fbe5f98f5e6872113?).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Constant name="explorer" /> introduces the ability to widen your search by including dbt resources (models, seeds, snapshots, sources, exposures, and more) across your entire account. This broadens the results returned and gives you greater insight into all the assets across your dbt projects. Learn more in [Global navigation](/docs/explore/global-navigation) or in our [video overview](https://www.loom.com/share/ae93b3d241cd439fbe5f98f5e6872113?).
```

- [Model access](/docs/mesh/govern/model-access) (like public, private)
- [Model layer](/best-practices/how-we-structure/1-guide-overview) (like marts, staging)
- [Model materialization](/docs/build/materializations) (like view, table)

> /docs/explore/explore-global-nav

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
